update: x64 cross-compile is now supported (#19)
LoveRetro/nextui-docs: docs/development/build.md

## System requirements
- Linux Operating System capable of running docker
- At least 10 GB of available disk space

> - Docker environments are available for arm64 and x86_64 (cross-compile)

Author: ```suggestion
- Build toolchains are available for arm64 and x86_64 (cross-compile)
```
